BC-44 Improve PaaS Recipe & Docs (#1090)
shopware/docs: products/paas/build-deploy.md

Make sure to change this password immediately in your Administration account settings. Not doing so is a security risk.

> ### Manual steps
> After the first deploy, some steps have to be done manually once before the environment is up and running completely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manual steps

After the first deploy, some steps must be done manually before the environment is entirely up and running.
```

> #### JWT Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JWT keys
```

> The JWT keys, used for the Administration authentication, need to be generated for your project. The keys will be stored securely in the Shopware Paas Environment variable storage and should not be committed to the git repository or be available on the file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JWT keys, used for the Administration authentication, need to be generated for your project. The keys will be stored securely in the Shopware Paas environment variable storage and should not be committed to the Git repository or be available on the file system.
```

> To generate the keys and add them to the storage, run the following command:
> ```bash
> shopware ssh --app=app "bin/console system:generate-jwt-secret --use-env" |\
> grep -E "^JWT_(PUBLIC|PRIVATE)_KEY=" |\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the keys and add them to the storage, run the following command:

```bash
shopware ssh --app=app "bin/console system:generate-jwt-secret --use-env" |\
grep -E "^JWT_(PUBLIC|PRIVATE)_KEY=" |\
```

while read line ; do \
shopware variable:create --sensitive 1 --level project --name env:$(echo $line | cut -d "=" -f 1) --value $(echo $line | cut -d "=" -f 2-); \
done
```

> Run this command from your project directory so that the `shopware` command knows which project to update.

Reviewer 2: that the -> **the**

The command connects to the application server to generate the JWT keys. It then sets the `JWT_PUBLIC_KEY` and `JWT_PRIVATE_KEY` as private environment variables.

> Finally, execute the `shopware redeploy` command to proceed with the build- and deploy process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, execute the `shopware redeploy` command to proceed with the build-and-deploy process.
```

> ##### Shopware Config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Shopware config
```

> By default, Shopware looks for the JWT keys on the file system. The configuration has to be updates to use the keys in the environment variables.

Reviewer 2: The configuration has to be updates to use the keys in the environment variables. ->

_The configuration must be updated to use the keys in the environment variables._

> If you use the Shopware Flex Paas template, [the configuration](https://github.com/shopware/recipes/blob/main/shopware/paas-meta/6.4/config/packages/paas.yaml) will have been applied automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the Shopware Flex Paas template, [the configuration](https://github.com/shopware/recipes/blob/main/shopware/paas-meta/6.4/config/packages/paas.yaml) will be applied automatically.
```

```yaml
 shopware:
   api:
     jwt_key:
       private_key_path: '%env(base64:JWT_PRIVATE_KEY)%'
       public_key_path: '%env(base64:JWT_PUBLIC_KEY)%'  
```

> #### Theme Assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Theme assets
```

```

Make sure to replace `%place your key here%` with your actual token. You can find your token by clicking 'Install with Composer' in your Shopware Account.

> ## Extending Shopware: Plugins & Apps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extending Shopware - plugins and apps
```

The PaaS recipe uses the [Composer plugin loader](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/guides/hosting/installation-updates/cluster-setup#composer-plugin-loader).

## Manually trigger rebuilds

> 
> Sometimes you might want to trigger a rebuild and deploy of your environment without pushing new code to your project.
> 
> If you want to do this for your main environment, create a REBUILD_DATE environment variable first. This triggers a build right away to propagate the variable.
> ```bash
> shopware variable:create --environment main --level environment --prefix env --name REBUILD_DATE --value "$(date)" --visible-build true
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Sometimes, you might want to trigger a rebuild and deploy of your environment without pushing new code to your project. To do this for your main environment, create a `REBUILD_DATE` environment variable. This triggers a build right away to propagate the variable.

```bash
shopware variable:create --environment main --level environment --prefix env --name REBUILD_DATE --value "$(date)" --visible-build true
```
```

```

Make sure to replace `%place your key here%` with your actual token. You can find your token by clicking 'Install with Composer' in your Shopware Account.

## Extending Shopware: Plugins & Apps

The PaaS recipe uses the [Composer plugin loader](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/guides/hosting/installation-updates/cluster-setup#composer-plugin-loader).

## Manually trigger rebuilds

Sometimes you might want to trigger a rebuild and deploy of your environment without pushing new code to your project.

> Assuming you want to do this for your main environment, first create a REBUILD_DATE environment variable. This triggers a build right away to propagate the variable.

Reviewer 2: Rephrase for clarity

_If you want to do this for your main environment, create a REBUILD_DATE environment variable first. This triggers a build right away to propagate the variable._

```

Make sure to replace `%place your key here%` with your actual token. You can find your token by clicking 'Install with Composer' in your Shopware Account.

## Extending Shopware - plugins and apps

> The PaaS recipe uses the [Composer plugin loader](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/guides/hosting/installation-updates/cluster-setup#composer-plugin-loader).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PaaS recipe uses the [Composer plugin loader](../../guides/hosting/installation-updates/cluster-setup.md#composer-plugin-loader).
```
